[Music]
welcome to the breakdown we break down
all the messed up [ __ ]
i'll introduce you to the hood hass eyes
a low budget
i spit on your grave tribute that is
ridiculously silly
and hilarious it's all about kimmy who
decided to skip school with her friends
only to run into some very stereotypical
gangsters
with a very sick attitude you can expect
the rest
before we get into it we do have a word
from rich wallet so stay tuned
today's video is sponsored by rich
wallet the premier minimalist
wallet it's the holidays everybody if
you want a gift idea
then how about the groundbreaking ridge
wallet
the ridge wallet keeps what you need and
throws away all the rest
with this military grade aluminum
titanium or carbon fiber
you'll be all set and getting rid of
that bulky
wallet syndrome yes i know you've seen
the matte white here before
but check it out again it's perfect for
ids
holding cash and it blocks any rfid
hacking now christmas is coming up soon
and a nice
gift might be a minimal space-saving
wallet that
comes in a variety of colors oh and it's
not just wallets you could also get a
backpack which are very awesome by the
way
and plus they have many other cool
things that you would need these wallets
and other products have over 30 thousand
five star reviews though and you'll be
happy to know it's free shipping
worldwide
a lifetime guarantee if you love it and
free returns if you don't love it
you have to go to ridge.com spooky and
you can get 10 off your order
if you use spooky at checkout i'll
repeat
anything you like you can get 10 off if
you go to rich.com
s-p-o-o-k-y and use spooky
at checkout big thanks to rich wallet
for sponsoring today's video
and so this video was a blast to make i
enjoyed this movie after watching so
many boring ones
if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown cue the
gohan
the movie begins with someone taking a
shower
i definitely forgot that people in
movies take showers as well
so i'm assuming this is supposed to be a
high school student
it's a big ass high school student i'm
almost out of college and she making me
look like i'm 12.
letter from dad is hidden on the
refrigerator plot twist
we never see dad but he got some big ass
handwriting
look at them big ass letters i said big
ass a lot so far
i'm guessing that's the school uniform
which is the only thing that's not big
ass
she has to wear this to school might as
well just have free choice at this point
damn i
never seen a seat belt that does that
now here y'all go everybody in the
comments talking about
that's a common seatbelt operation since
the brown versus board of it no i don't
care about it i don't care anymore you
don't have to say anything
she looks like she's cosplaying someone
it is on the way to some convention
she pulls up to her empty ass catholic
school
meanwhile some random woman is very
disoriented
the camera also pans to a dead opposite
opossum don't care with his guts
is laying out i'm sure it's very real
but if you know anything about
me i don't like these animals at all i
know they're harmless
they they just don't look right to me
they look like they're leftovers from
one of the lizard sick experiments
meanwhile at the school with only two
students there's kimmy our main girl
and rachel talking about skipping class
have y'all ever skipped class i didn't
in high school but college all kinds of
skipping
they have a friend named susan who is
busy having sex with some loser in the
bathroom
i don't think i'll ever meet someone who
falls asleep in a moment such as this
okay it gets a little messy from there
because she's leaking menstruation fluid
all over him
the idiot falls asleep again i knew a
girl
who got expelled for doing this in the
bathroom in middle school
that same girl was the first girl who
was just all over me she had like i was
usher so apparently the guy susan was
messing with
is married aren't y'all in high school
or something
i'm making that jackie chan face right
now like you bought a grown-ass man
at the school for that lame-ass sex
looks like there will be a party soon
not to mention that these are some short
ass skirts
rachel what the [ __ ] that's my heart
they steal her homework so that she
has to come to the party with them and
it is what it is
the three leave to go meet up with jerry
here
jerry is that cool guy who smokes he
also sells that dropout diesel on the
down low
before all in kimmy's car to go to the
party even though she didn't want to
peer pressure is a [ __ ] bro
let me tell y'all a story one time i
told some fellow employees i was going
to win these after work
tell me why my manager who i didn't even
like was like
okay we're all going with spooky the
wendy's i'm like
i lied my way out of that somehow kimmy
just grow some backbone
big body big back you won't get respect
with your backs not erect
they find themselves around grove street
but run over that girl who we saw
earlier it's a [ __ ]
and just listen to how well they act
this out
what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] did you do
you should have kept your eyes on the
[ __ ] road
jesus christ [ __ ] you i didn't want to
come on this stupid trip to begin with
and if i know that i was getting better
now
their goal is to move her body before
the police find them
damn y'all kids are all high key
terrible adults do the same [ __ ] though
one thing that i was glad to learn was
to take
responsibility for the things that you
do like
that's grown-ass material i expected
better kimmy you you're a lot growner
than this
susan is so damn ignorant and they go to
move her body but
out of nowhere those titties flop up the
four
all run away only to get cornered by
some gang
it's a predominantly mexican um
area around here no words are said at
all we just see the gang and they take
them away
finally they tell the four to kneel down
but
susan tries to run away we're just gonna
act like
we just gonna act like we knew that that
was gonna go down like come on
whatever the two gang members are
stereotypical as [ __ ]
this movie is starting to feel like a
big ass gta san andreas cut scene
turns out that women they ran over shy
girl
she was just a decoy to bait the group
shy girl sounds like the name of some
character in a cartoon network show that
everybody loves to draw
this here is psycho the ringleader and
joker with the sunglasses
they robbed the four friends of 150
and that pisses shy girl off because
that's way too low just listen to her
i walked to the woods asked naked for
150 bucks
just relax shy girl we already know
robbing them wasn't the only plan
joker and psycho tie him to the gate and
shy girl over here getting nervous and
sympathetic for the four
when she tries to leave it's her life on
the line since she's a witness
susan is the first to be assaulted but
um
susan is on the rack i've never heard
that term before but they
love using it here so i'm just going to
tell you straight up
if you don't want to see someone dangle
a used tampon in their mouth
close your eyes now look at him dangle
that thing right in his mouth
kind of reminds me of the way i eat
ramen noodles this dude really is a
psycho
damn and jerry he just spat in his face
so these two gang members are probably
the most
sickest gang members i've ever seen all
right so they turn the kimmy to anally
raper imaging might be sort of
uncomfortable so feel free to turn away
it's not as visually harrowing as i spit
on your grave or irreversible but the
damage is done
he then gives her a dirty sanchez which
is basically a [ __ ] moustache
that's how my mom says it for some
reason mustache
this is what they do to rachel force a
bottle to rape her but in the mist
jerry escapes and runs away that is when
the director got very inspired to do
some bullet point of view
it was cool for trying but jerry gets
shot
and dies instantly because jerry escaped
psycho decides to kill everybody
starting with stabbing rachel down south
instantaneously she bleeds from her
mouth and
down there of course susan leaves when
they aren't looking but
they could have effortlessly killed her
too while she's having this silly
conversation with kimmy
susan left to go get help when police
sirens are heard the gang escape
but psycho plans on killing kimmy it's
simple luck though he doesn't have any
more bullets
but he does pee all over her in the
silliest way possible
okay rachel if you're dead you can limp
down
now so we have this survivor moment
where
you know what we're all used to
realistically those gang members were
the dumbest
idiots of all time so i'm sure they
could easily get arrested for this
but then we cut to susan who is trying
to get out of this
area i'm sure some of you have probably
seen this area before but
i'm more surprised on how they
transported the teens
from the city to these woods without a
car
and without being seen kimmy does her
escape walk
while also remembering what the gang
members did to her
susan meanwhile makes it back to kimmy's
car but kimmy made it there first
kimmy is on some kaio-ken type [ __ ]
right now
jennifer hills was the og super saiyan
but kimmy
she's just down here stuck using kyoken
that's all it is
she is mad that susan left her behind um
yeah whatever
can y'all just go to the police station
already kimmy locks her in
and then says your name is annie
brackett now
susan wasn't really a good person to
begin with but damn
just like that next we see kimmy over
here doing some
i don't know lara croft type [ __ ] seemed
like something she would do
well she somehow drags susan all the way
to the woods and has tied her to a tree
then she wears her bra over her head
look at this [ __ ] fool bro like what
is she doing
do you see her really practicing these
stick techniques
even doing push-ups go back to school
go tell the police the three gang
members are sitting around
looking stupid it's fine though it just
means we get to see them die
horribly meanwhile psycho and shy girl
are
arguing i think he just found out that
she is pregnant or something
nonetheless kimmy is watching them shy
girl here finds susan's body and kimmy
is ready to take her ass out too
then she [ __ ] throws a knife at her
like who taught you how to do that
and she was like yes i tried to help you
you tried to
help me yeah you have some
nerve shy girl i can't take kimmy
seriously now at all with that
eye for an eye tone then she gets on a
tangent about
girls liking bad boys and all that is
awkward
sorry your criminal acts took a turn for
the worse still trying to figure out
why any self-respecting woman would
stoop so low
has to be with the man named psycho
i see it in school all the time every
little [ __ ] [ __ ] with a functioning
vagina
wants to be with a bad boy with a thug i
don't want to be
with the geeks or the nerds no
she needs a thug okay
can you just set up and just kill her
already kimmy i don't even know what
you're doing anymore
oh but guess what she knows about that
baby in shy girl's womb
and sticks a hanger inside of her vagina
and literally gives her an abortion
i wasn't expecting that at all they used
a fake
vaginal canal for this scene but you
know how youtube is don't even want to
show it
psycho sees the aborted feed is right at
the center
i'm getting imprint vibes at this moment
joker meanwhile is trying to fight
against
kimmy but she's too sneaky for him and
decapitates him effortlessly
that was probably too quick of death for
him really but just like that with a
shovel
psycho is lingering close though
who's there gonna [ __ ] show yourself
or else you regret it
that was like some weird video game
animation
plus it was so dark during that scene
but
when we cut back it's her sneaking on
him in his light again
again we know how it ends for this idiot
i'm getting bunny games
vibes now but she starts stabbing him
all over
and takes his gun so he can get up and
see who bested him
oh [ __ ] way
she knocks his ass right out when he
can't shut it fast enough
well like usual revenge goes they are
going to play a little game
it's called pee hole excursion that
sounds nightmarish i love it
i've got head up with other [ __ ] and
you ain't afraid to die
i'll grow up that gang [ __ ] is so played
she's going to stick that nail up his
pee hole
i want to show this so bad but i don't
i don't know i might just show it anyway
she nails that nail
right in his [ __ ] and she missed the
hole after all
the games are only beginning she says
she grabs that stick she found
and sticks it into his ass that wasn't
as harrowing as i thought it would be
but
he's still alive once she's done now
it's the last game she's like stay with
me gangster
but psycho says that no matter what she
does to him he won overall
he's saying she may have won the battle
but he's won the war because turns out
he has aids when he raped her he gave it
to her now
realizing that she goes just straight to
cutting his nuts off without saying a
word she then forces it into his mouth
and that's it the hood has eyes
you know i like freeze endings like this
that was [ __ ] up low-key
now i was very excited to watch this
movie
it was a very cool low budget silly
movie but i do have some thoughts
so let's talk about the most disturbed
moment and most enjoy moment
and that spooky stuff
now rape revenge movies like this where
women reach a breaking point and destroy
all
and their path is cool sometimes seeing
women being badass without having to be
beaten and abused first is way cooler
the most disturbed moment is probably
the penis torture
the tampon drinking scene was pretty
nasty but it was probably fruit juice or
something
the abortion scene was pretty gnarly too
but obviously fake
most enjoy moment is kimmy's antics and
[ __ ]
it was hilarious seeing her prepare for
violence and that
eye for an eye vocal tone that jennifer
hills and pokenom perfected
and that's it hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did
make sure you click that like button
subscribe if you want to see more
disturbed stuff
check out the original i spit on your
grave franchise
some of my favorite movies in there
otherwise
i'll see you guys later hopefully these
finals don't
kill me spooky out